c:\users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\bin\Debug\MarkerDetectionEmgu.exe.config
c:\users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\obj\Debug\MarkerDetectionEmgu.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\obj\Debug\MarkerDetectionEmgu_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\obj\Debug\MarkerDetectionEmgu_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\bin\Debug\MarkerDetectionEmgu.exe
c:\users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\bin\Debug\MarkerDetectionEmgu.pdb
c:\users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
c:\users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.pdb
c:\users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
c:\users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\obj\Debug\MarkerDetectionEmgu.g.resources
c:\users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\obj\Debug\MarkerDetectionEmgu.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\obj\Debug\MarkerDetectionEmgu.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\obj\Debug\MarkerDetectionEmgu.exe
c:\users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\obj\Debug\MarkerDetectionEmgu.pdb
C:\Users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
C:\Users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
C:\Users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
C:\Users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.pdb
C:\Users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
C:\Users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
C:\Users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
C:\Users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Emgu.CV.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\bin\Debug\zh-CN\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\bsyie\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarkerDetectionEmgu\MarkerDetectionEmgu\obj\Debug\MarkerDetectionEmgu_Content.g.cs
